yo Eliot so Connor Turner wants to know
how how fast is it take to lose muscle
apparently he's been sick for a couple
days and he's only been eating cereal
and some chips right and and he's lost
11 stones nope no he was 11 stone and
now he's 10 stone by the way I have no I
have no idea what Stoll means so anyway
so you know you want to add some more
stones and the situation is that you've
lost it because you're sick so here's a
situation when you become sick and
you're not eating and you're not
performing the very first things you're
going to start losing or whatever you
just stop eating the very first things
are going to start experiencing is a
loss of muscle glycogen right because
they would your entire brain all the
organs within your body require that
sugar in order to keep you alive
right your body cares less about your
muscle and more about your organ and
nervous system so it'll draw it'll drain
all of your musculature of the glycogen
the sugar in order to keep your systems
moving to kick you alive right muscles
are the most superficial aspect of what
makes us strong our nervous systems and
our organ our organs come first so your
body knows that right mother nature
didn't screw up mother nature or God
didn't say hey dude's got to keep their
muscles and we could say to hell with a
liver right let the brain be shot he's
got great abs like that doesn't make any
sense that's our neurotic tendency so
you're losing muscle glycogen and water
as a result as well the cool thing is
after she after you're sick have a big
pancake meal with some Gatorade and
you'll swell the up you'll swell up
really quickly when I was competing in
strongman I had to cut weight I would do
what I'm talking about right now I
drained all the glycogen I drained a lot
of water so I've used 10 pounds
in 24 hours that I can weigh in but then
what I would do is I'd go and have a big
salty sausage and and Gatorade meal and
I'd swell right 15 pounds in a matter of
hours I'd slow right up and it's all the
water retention and sugar associated
with the breakdown of the carbohydrates
and the the sodium in the Gatorade and
the food that you eat so that's it man
it'll come back like overnight don't
worry about it
peace yo Elliot